FILE: 5COSC021W Coursework 2 - GROUP template 2024_25(1).docx
PARAGRAPHS: 8
TABLES: 6
--- PARAGRAPHS ---
--- TABLES ---
TABLE 0: rows=16 cols~=5
R0: C0="5COSC021W Coursework 2 - GROUP template 2025_26 Use this template to structure the GROUP element of coursework 2. Ensure that the correct information is in each white box. The advice for each box is basic guidance to help you focus your answer. YOU MUST USE THIS TEMPLATE FOR THE GROUP WORK OF COURSEWORK 2. All members of the group must submit the group template. If you don’t submit the group template you will not receive any marks for this part of the coursework The current size of the boxes is not indicating how much you should write; change their size as you need. When you save the file, put your name and registration number in the file name, eg ‘5COSC003W_cwk2_group_Kelly_Garret_12345678.doc’. Sections in the template that don’t have any text will receive no marks. The code files are used to ensure that what is written in the template is supported with what was implemented. However, code files only will not receive any marks and will not be used as submission of part of the template. Similarly, templates submission without the submission of code files will receive no marks. A reminder of plagiarism: If you use bits of another’s group report in yours or if you give your report to another group to use this will be an academic offence called ‘collusion’. In order for the tutors to be able to assess your work you must ensure the following for your software submission: - Submit a zipped project folder of the COMPLETE working project (i.e. the parts of each group member incorporated in one program, not just your part). If you have not been able to incorporate your part with that of the group, then submit only your part – it should be able to run though by itself. The folder should include all the necessary files (including databases) to run as a project on Django and SQLite. - Make sure that the submitted project will run using the software provided by the University. Contact your tutor if you have any problems with this. - Make sure that the project folder should contain all files necessary to run the program e.g. databases etc. - Make sure that file I/O code does not use absolute file paths. - Make sure that the submission contains all usernames and passwords necessary to test the program. - Include a link to a video describing the work – each team can produce one video, but all submissions must include the link to that video. If your work is not integrated with that of the group, you can upload your own video of your work." | C1="5COSC021W Coursework 2 - GROUP template 2025_26 Use this template to structure the GROUP element of coursework 2. Ensure that the correct information is in each white box. The advice for each box is basic guidance to help you focus your answer. YOU MUST USE THIS TEMPLATE FOR THE GROUP WORK OF COURSEWORK 2. All members of the group must submit the group template. If you don’t submit the group template you will not receive any marks for this part of the coursework The current size of the boxes is not indicating how much you should write; change their size as you need. When you save the file, put your name and registration number in the file name, eg ‘5COSC003W_cwk2_group_Kelly_Garret_12345678.doc’. Sections in the template that don’t have any text will receive no marks. The code files are used to ensure that what is written in the template is supported with what was implemented. However, code files only will not receive any marks and will not be used as submission of part of the template. Similarly, templates submission without the submission of code files will receive no marks. A reminder of plagiarism: If you use bits of another’s group report in yours or if you give your report to another group to use this will be an academic offence called ‘collusion’. In order for the tutors to be able to assess your work you must ensure the following for your software submission: - Submit a zipped project folder of the COMPLETE working project (i.e. the parts of each group member incorporated in one program, not just your part). If you have not been able to incorporate your part with that of the group, then submit only your part – it should be able to run though by itself. The folder should include all the necessary files (including databases) to run as a project on Django and SQLite. - Make sure that the submitted project will run using the software provided by the University. Contact your tutor if you have any problems with this. - Make sure that the project folder should contain all files necessary to run the program e.g. databases etc. - Make sure that file I/O code does not use absolute file paths. - Make sure that the submission contains all usernames and passwords necessary to test the program. - Include a link to a video describing the work – each team can produce one video, but all submissions must include the link to that video. If your work is not integrated with that of the group, you can upload your own video of your work." | C2="5COSC021W Coursework 2 - GROUP template 2025_26 Use this template to structure the GROUP element of coursework 2. Ensure that the correct information is in each white box. The advice for each box is basic guidance to help you focus your answer. YOU MUST USE THIS TEMPLATE FOR THE GROUP WORK OF COURSEWORK 2. All members of the group must submit the group template. If you don’t submit the group template you will not receive any marks for this part of the coursework The current size of the boxes is not indicating how much you should write; change their size as you need. When you save the file, put your name and registration number in the file name, eg ‘5COSC003W_cwk2_group_Kelly_Garret_12345678.doc’. Sections in the template that don’t have any text will receive no marks. The code files are used to ensure that what is written in the template is supported with what was implemented. However, code files only will not receive any marks and will not be used as submission of part of the template. Similarly, templates submission without the submission of code files will receive no marks. A reminder of plagiarism: If you use bits of another’s group report in yours or if you give your report to another group to use this will be an academic offence called ‘collusion’. In order for the tutors to be able to assess your work you must ensure the following for your software submission: - Submit a zipped project folder of the COMPLETE working project (i.e. the parts of each group member incorporated in one program, not just your part). If you have not been able to incorporate your part with that of the group, then submit only your part – it should be able to run though by itself. The folder should include all the necessary files (including databases) to run as a project on Django and SQLite. - Make sure that the submitted project will run using the software provided by the University. Contact your tutor if you have any problems with this. - Make sure that the project folder should contain all files necessary to run the program e.g. databases etc. - Make sure that file I/O code does not use absolute file paths. - Make sure that the submission contains all usernames and passwords necessary to test the program. - Include a link to a video describing the work – each team can produce one video, but all submissions must include the link to that video. If your work is not integrated with that of the group, you can upload your own video of your work." | C3="5COSC021W Coursework 2 - GROUP template 2025_26 Use this template to structure the GROUP element of coursework 2. Ensure that the correct information is in each white box. The advice for each box is basic guidance to help you focus your answer. YOU MUST USE THIS TEMPLATE FOR THE GROUP WORK OF COURSEWORK 2. All members of the group must submit the group template. If you don’t submit the group template you will not receive any marks for this part of the coursework The current size of the boxes is not indicating how much you should write; change their size as you need. When you save the file, put your name and registration number in the file name, eg ‘5COSC003W_cwk2_group_Kelly_Garret_12345678.doc’. Sections in the template that don’t have any text will receive no marks. The code files are used to ensure that what is written in the template is supported with what was implemented. However, code files only will not receive any marks and will not be used as submission of part of the template. Similarly, templates submission without the submission of code files will receive no marks. A reminder of plagiarism: If you use bits of another’s group report in yours or if you give your report to another group to use this will be an academic offence called ‘collusion’. In order for the tutors to be able to assess your work you must ensure the following for your software submission: - Submit a zipped project folder of the COMPLETE working project (i.e. the parts of each group member incorporated in one program, not just your part). If you have not been able to incorporate your part with that of the group, then submit only your part – it should be able to run though by itself. The folder should include all the necessary files (including databases) to run as a project on Django and SQLite. - Make sure that the submitted project will run using the software provided by the University. Contact your tutor if you have any problems with this. - Make sure that the project folder should contain all files necessary to run the program e.g. databases etc. - Make sure that file I/O code does not use absolute file paths. - Make sure that the submission contains all usernames and passwords necessary to test the program. - Include a link to a video describing the work – each team can produce one video, but all submissions must include the link to that video. If your work is not integrated with that of the group, you can upload your own video of your work." | C4="5COSC021W Coursework 2 - GROUP template 2025_26 Use this template to structure the GROUP element of coursework 2. Ensure that the correct information is in each white box. The advice for each box is basic guidance to help you focus your answer. YOU MUST USE THIS TEMPLATE FOR THE GROUP WORK OF COURSEWORK 2. All members of the group must submit the group template. If you don’t submit the group template you will not receive any marks for this part of the coursework The current size of the boxes is not indicating how much you should write; change their size as you need. When you save the file, put your name and registration number in the file name, eg ‘5COSC003W_cwk2_group_Kelly_Garret_12345678.doc’. Sections in the template that don’t have any text will receive no marks. The code files are used to ensure that what is written in the template is supported with what was implemented. However, code files only will not receive any marks and will not be used as submission of part of the template. Similarly, templates submission without the submission of code files will receive no marks. A reminder of plagiarism: If you use bits of another’s group report in yours or if you give your report to another group to use this will be an academic offence called ‘collusion’. In order for the tutors to be able to assess your work you must ensure the following for your software submission: - Submit a zipped project folder of the COMPLETE working project (i.e. the parts of each group member incorporated in one program, not just your part). If you have not been able to incorporate your part with that of the group, then submit only your part – it should be able to run though by itself. The folder should include all the necessary files (including databases) to run as a project on Django and SQLite. - Make sure that the submitted project will run using the software provided by the University. Contact your tutor if you have any problems with this. - Make sure that the project folder should contain all files necessary to run the program e.g. databases etc. - Make sure that file I/O code does not use absolute file paths. - Make sure that the submission contains all usernames and passwords necessary to test the program. - Include a link to a video describing the work – each team can produce one video, but all submissions must include the link to that video. If your work is not integrated with that of the group, you can upload your own video of your work."
R1: C0="Surname" | C1="" | C2="" | C3="" | C4=""
R2: C0="Forename" | C1="" | C2="" | C3="" | C4=""
R3: C0="Registration No:" | C1="" | C2="" | C3="" | C4=""
R4: C0="By submitting this coursework you agree to the following:" | C1="By submitting this coursework you agree to the following:" | C2="By submitting this coursework you agree to the following:" | C3="By submitting this coursework you agree to the following:" | C4="By submitting this coursework you agree to the following:"
R5: C0="I confirm that I understand what plagiarism is and have read and understood the section on Assessment Offences in the Essential Information for Students. The work that I have submitted is entirely my own. Any work from other authors is duly referenced and acknowledged." | C1="I confirm that I understand what plagiarism is and have read and understood the section on Assessment Offences in the Essential Information for Students. The work that I have submitted is entirely my own. Any work from other authors is duly referenced and acknowledged." | C2="I confirm" | C3="I confirm" | C4="I confirm"
R6: C0="List here the team name and the other members of your group" | C1="" | C2="" | C3="" | C4=""
R7: C0="Code functionality - Database implementation, Admin dashboard and login screen Functionalities (15 marks)" | C1="Code functionality - Database implementation, Admin dashboard and login screen Functionalities (15 marks)" | C2="Code functionality - Database implementation, Admin dashboard and login screen Functionalities (15 marks)" | C3="Code functionality - Database implementation, Admin dashboard and login screen Functionalities (15 marks)"
R8: C0="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors, in writing the text in this template. Note the type of contribution (eg writing a part, providing feedback, reviewing final version). Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C1="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors, in writing the text in this template. Note the type of contribution (eg writing a part, providing feedback, reviewing final version). Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C2="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors, in writing the text in this template. Note the type of contribution (eg writing a part, providing feedback, reviewing final version). Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C3="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors, in writing the text in this template. Note the type of contribution (eg writing a part, providing feedback, reviewing final version). Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section."
R9: C0="" | C1="" | C2=""
R10: C0="Guidance: Describe here the final tables (entities, attributes, operations) that you implemented for the databases and whether (and how) it has changed from cwk 1 draft design." | C1="Guidance: Describe here the final tables (entities, attributes, operations) that you implemented for the databases and whether (and how) it has changed from cwk 1 draft design." | C2="Guidance: Describe here the final tables (entities, attributes, operations) that you implemented for the databases and whether (and how) it has changed from cwk 1 draft design." | C3="Guidance: Describe here the final tables (entities, attributes, operations) that you implemented for the databases and whether (and how) it has changed from cwk 1 draft design."
R11: C0="" | C1="" | C2="" | C3=""
R12: C0="Application frond end– group part (10 marks) (if you have not been able to incorporate your work in the group project do not fill in this section, instead fill in section 2a below)" | C1="Application frond end– group part (10 marks) (if you have not been able to incorporate your work in the group project do not fill in this section, instead fill in section 2a below)" | C2="Application frond end– group part (10 marks) (if you have not been able to incorporate your work in the group project do not fill in this section, instead fill in section 2a below)" | C3="Application frond end– group part (10 marks) (if you have not been able to incorporate your work in the group project do not fill in this section, instead fill in section 2a below)" | C4="Application frond end– group part (10 marks) (if you have not been able to incorporate your work in the group project do not fill in this section, instead fill in section 2a below)"
R13: C0="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg wrote part of the text, provided feedback, proofreading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C1="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg wrote part of the text, provided feedback, proofreading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C2="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg wrote part of the text, provided feedback, proofreading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C3="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg wrote part of the text, provided feedback, proofreading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section." | C4="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg wrote part of the text, provided feedback, proofreading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section."
R14: C0="" | C1="" | C2="" | C3="" | C4=""
R15: C0="Guidance: Attach here a screenshot of the front end of your application, incorporating the elements from each group member. Discuss here the main UI/UX principles you applied in your implementation. Discuss whether the UI/UX experience is consistent across the pages of the applications. Support your text with examples from your implementation and reflect on the final front end submission. Eg what you feel provides good user experience and why; what would enhance user experience. Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration as well as review of the application through the video. Use as many pages as required" | C1="Guidance: Attach here a screenshot of the front end of your application, incorporating the elements from each group member. Discuss here the main UI/UX principles you applied in your implementation. Discuss whether the UI/UX experience is consistent across the pages of the applications. Support your text with examples from your implementation and reflect on the final front end submission. Eg what you feel provides good user experience and why; what would enhance user experience. Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration as well as review of the application through the video. Use as many pages as required" | C2="Guidance: Attach here a screenshot of the front end of your application, incorporating the elements from each group member. Discuss here the main UI/UX principles you applied in your implementation. Discuss whether the UI/UX experience is consistent across the pages of the applications. Support your text with examples from your implementation and reflect on the final front end submission. Eg what you feel provides good user experience and why; what would enhance user experience. Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration as well as review of the application through the video. Use as many pages as required" | C3="Guidance: Attach here a screenshot of the front end of your application, incorporating the elements from each group member. Discuss here the main UI/UX principles you applied in your implementation. Discuss whether the UI/UX experience is consistent across the pages of the applications. Support your text with examples from your implementation and reflect on the final front end submission. Eg what you feel provides good user experience and why; what would enhance user experience. Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration as well as review of the application through the video. Use as many pages as required" | C4="Guidance: Attach here a screenshot of the front end of your application, incorporating the elements from each group member. Discuss here the main UI/UX principles you applied in your implementation. Discuss whether the UI/UX experience is consistent across the pages of the applications. Support your text with examples from your implementation and reflect on the final front end submission. Eg what you feel provides good user experience and why; what would enhance user experience. Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration as well as review of the application through the video. Use as many pages as required"
TABLE 1: rows=2 cols~=1
R0: C0="2a. (only if you cannot fill in part 2 above) Application Front End (HCI) – individual part"
R1: C0="If you have not been able to connect your part to the group application: Attach here a screenshot of the front end of your own implemented part. Explain why your part has not been able to connect to the group application. Sum up the main UI/UX principles applied in your implementation (10 marks) and reflect on the UI/UX implementation by discussing good elements, why you believe they provide good UI/UX (with examples), and what changes can be made to improve it? Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration"
TABLE 2: rows=4 cols~=1
R0: C0="Application Front End (SECURITY)– group part (5 marks)"
R1: C0="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg provided references, wrote text, provided feedback, proof reading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section."
R2: C0=""
R3: C0="Guidance: Sum up all the main security issues of the application and how they were addressed and any security risks still remaining Marking of this section will also include the defence of your work during the demonstration"
TABLE 3: rows=5 cols~=1
R0: C0="Professional conduct: Legal & Ethical (10 marks) 4.1 Legal"
R1: C0="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg provided references, wrote text, provided feedback, proof reading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section."
R2: C0=""
R3: C0="Guidance: List here the legal issues that would affect both the development and the use of your application. You need to support this work with research and cite your sources within the text. The marks in this section also include marks for references (see end of document)."
R4: C0=""
TABLE 4: rows=5 cols~=2
R0: C0="Professional conduct – Legal & Ethical 4.2 Ethical"
R1: C0="Which group members worked on this: Indicate the name(s) of the section leader(s), as well as all contributors. Note the type of contribution – eg provided references, wrote text, provided feedback, proof reading etc Group members that have neither led nor contributed will not receive any marks for this section."
R2: C0="" | C1=""
R3: C0="Guidance: With the aid of a table list here the ethical issues that would affect both the development and the use of your application. You need to support this work with research and cite your sources within the text. The marks in this section also include marks for references (see end of document)."
R4: C0=""
TABLE 5: rows=6 cols~=1
R0: C0="References (marks included in each of the main sections)"
R1: C0="Section 4 must be supported by research. List below your sources, using Harvard referencing. Make sure that your references are referred to correctly from the relevant text of your work. If you are not clear how to reference read: https://www.westminster.ac.uk/library-and-it/support-and-study-skills/guides-and-tutorials/referencing-your-work Here’s how we’ll assess it: No research sources: that’s very bad for level 5 work There is one source with all information, copied directly as if it’s your own text: that is plagiarism There is one source with all information, referenced and discussed: that is bad research There are a few different sources, referenced and discussed in the text: this is getting better There are quite a few good sources from many different places, referenced and discussed in the text: this gets good marks."
R2: C0="Section 4.1 references"
R3: C0=""
R4: C0="Section 4.2 references"
R5: C0=""